/p
clear
/f
Narrator
You decide to cut off your genitalia.
One must atone for their sins.
The fleshy old man takes out a rusty filer and hands it to you.
You scrub vigorously at your genitalia.
Bits of flesh flake off and splat on the ground.
The bear cub hops off the old man’s lap and licks up the scraps.
/p
Fleshy Old Man
/f
Fleshy Old Man
Yes, yes! ‘Tis good! Ahahahaha. Good, good. Very good, indeed.
Ye have atoned for yer sins. Sins be gone!
Ye now be pure of heart. Innocent like a naked babe fresh out the womb.
Now we shall commence the final act of purification and seal the deal!
/f
Narrator
The fleshy old man brings out a folded table and sets it in front of you.
He enters back into the darkness and reemerges with a cloth draped over a birdcage.
/s
bird
He slams the birdcage on the table and pulls off the cloth like a magician revealing some dark secret.
Inside the birdcage is a plump songbird gorged on millet seed.
It flails around as it tries to fly, but alas its mass is too great to carry.
From underneath the table, the fleshy old man grabs a container of brandy.
His trembling frail fingers open up the birdcage and reach for the plump songbird.
He strokes the songbird’s head and shushes it.
He plunges it into the brandy as it splashes with its wings.
Quickly, the lid is sealed on top of the container.
For a few moments, the container shuffles around on the table, until it comes to a standstill.
The fleshy old man opens the lid and scoops up the songbird, its head and wings falling limp to the side.
He reaches underneath the table for yet another object: a portable grill.
He gently rests the songbird on the grill and fires it up.
While waiting for the songbird to roast, he grabs a red solo cup to prepare a drink for you.
/s
piss
He holds the cup at the tip of his penis and urinates inside.
The stream of urine stops before it reaches the lip of the cup.
He hovers his hand over the cup and, without a flinch, files at his palm until it bleeds.
Blood seeps down his palm and drips into the cup, steam rising from every droplet making contact.
The fleshy old man swirls the concoction and sets it beside you.
The songbird, now charred yet tender, is placed onto a paper plate in front of you.
Before it is served, every feather is plucked one-by-one from its pores.
/p
meal
/f
Fleshy Old Man
I have prepared for ye a meal of kings.
But I advise ye, be careful on which item ye choose to consume.
One beholds the beauty in the eye of man, the other a natural spring of man himself.
Choose wisely, for the wrong choice means yer purification was but for naught! 
/f
Narrator
The fleshy old man drapes a cloth napkin over your head.
/f
Fleshy Old Man
‘Tis a private act between man and The Cosmocrat.
None must bear witness but the Supreme Being.
/c
1. Eat the delicate songbird
2. Drink the concoction of bodily fluids
b11
b12