/p
clear
/f
Narrator
You decide to drink the concoction of bodily fluids.
It is pure, as God intended.
Napkin draped over your head, you bring the red solo cup to your lips and sip.
It is bitter and salty, with an iron aftertaste and a thick consistency.
You struggle to swallow it down—not the best thing you’ve ever tasted.
Still, it is pure, the natural spring of man, and that’s all that matters.
/s
drop
Omniscient Dog? pulls the napkin from your head.
You find that you no longer sit in a dank basement, but now stand on a pulpous mound of some sort.
You can’t see the bottom.
Every time you shift weight, you hear a squish beneath your foot.
/f
Omniscient Dog?
So, you just drank some blood and piss.
How do you feel? I can tell you confidently you made the right choice.
But whether or not that man was holy or just a senile geriatric is up to you to decide.
You’ve traveled the path of decorum well so far.
I want to show you something.
You know, for old time’s sake.
/f
Narrator
Omniscient Dog? lights a torch that illuminates the space around you.
/p
sea
This is not a mound, but a mountain.
At the foot of the mountain is a sea of blood that stretches beyond the mind’s limit.
And suddenly, it dawns on you.
The mush beneath your feet is a decaying corpse.
In fact, the entire mountain is made of bodies once filled with life.
/f
Omniscient Dog?
Grandiosity.
Monumentality.
You will never realize the cost unless you can fully visualize it. Pretty fucked up, right?
It’s impossible to fathom the countless of lost lives here, but the magnificence here is the period at the end of the sentence.
No matter the fate of this world, whether it submits to control or divulges into madness, the cost remains the same.
/s
whisper
/f
Narrator
The mountain of corpses whisper your name in continuous fashion. They want you to join them.
Above you is a rope barely in reach that leads to some sort of light.
/c
1. Join the corpses. Become part of the blood sea
2. Climb the rope into the light. There is duty to be fulfilled
end
end