/p
clear
/f
Narrator
You decide to tell the fleshy old man to fuck off.
What gives him the right to tell you if you are pure or not?
Besides, you were there for murder, not pornography. 
his guy doesn’t know what he’s talking about.
/p
Fleshy Old Man
/f
Fleshy Old Man
Ye dare defy me? Why, I speak the absolute truth!
Ye will succumb to the forces of hell.
I damn ye, dirty, foul, retched, absolutely-tarnished sinner!
I offer ye my good service, from the will of God himself, and ye thinks ye have the prerogative to defy such beautiful mercy?
Prepare for a life of hell!
/f
Narrator
The bear cub jumps from the fleshy old man’s lap.
It stares at you defiantly on all fours.
Its right eye pulsates with red veins.
Somehow, it is gaining mass; back arched to a mound, limbs extending, muscles pumping with a surge of energy.
No longer is it a bear cub.
Its jaw extends open, flashing its full set of sharp teeth, strong enough to effortlessly crush cinder blocks.
/f
Omniscient Dog?
If you weren’t shitting your pants before, I assume you are now.
/p
bear
/f
Narrator
/s
slash
The bear swipes at you, splitting your legs from your torso.
You see your jangled entrails drop below you.
They throb and slither around in a futile effort to provide your vitals.
Before you can do anything else, the bear’s jaw latches around your neck, but it doesn’t bite with full force.
It vigorously shakes your torso around, attached to your head only by a few strands of flesh.
The bear comes to a sudden halt, and your torso torpedoes into the wall, painting the wall red.
With only your head left, it chomps down with the pressure of a million suns.
Your head pops in its mouth like a juicy grape.
/p
clear
Darkness fills your vision.
But somehow, you’re still alive.
You quickly feel for your body—it’s all there, attached, still in one piece.
An erroneous sigh of relief escapes your mouth.
There's some unknown liquid around your lower legs.
It stings a staticy feeling, like your flesh is getting poked and prodded at bit by bit in tiny pieces.
You slosh around in the liquid, your arms out in front.
Stumbling upon what you think is the perimeter of this space, you feel a mucus filled membrane.
Stomach lining—you are inside the bear.
A small vibration ripples through the stomach acid, catching you off guard.
Someone, or something, is here with you.
Off in the distance you see a ball of blue light.
It inches closer towards you, revealing the owner of the ball: a small child, eyes and mouth sewn shut.
She cradles the ball of light close to her chest.
/c
1. Nab the ball of blue light
2. Demand the child to show you how to escape
b21
b22