/p
clear
/f
Narrator
You decide to nab the ball of blue light from the child’s arms.
You need it more than she does, clearly, and maybe you can search for the way out.
As you hold it in your arms, you hear a muffled sound coming from the ball.
Startled, you drop the ball, and it slowly drifts back to the child.
There’s a face on the ball, and it looks rather pissed.
/p
girl
/f
Will o’ Wisp
Hey, buddy, do ya mind? What the hell, dude.
You dare touch your hands on the great Will o’ Wisp?
I tell ya, dipshit, you got some fucking nerve, I’ll give you that.
Stealing a ball from a child—a child with no ability to see or speak, for that matter.
Seriously, how do you sleep at night? I swear it, I’m gonna physically tear you a new ass—
…
Hmpf, fine. You may live, for now.
She tells me you are just frightened and confused, being eaten by a bear and all.
You’re lucky my allegiance is with her.
She’s wise, this one. Hell, she’s the only reason why I’m still alive.
If you woulda told me in my younger days I’d be answering to a child, I would’ve scoffed at you.
I was a piece of shit back then.So if she sees something in you, I suppose you can’t be that bad.
Still, I’m watching you.
I, uh, you want to do what?
No, come on, let’s just let them be.
Seriously, you can’t just be nice to every person you encounter… 
FINE, fine, fine. You’re right.
Alright, human who steals from children, apparently you deserve some help.
I strongly disagree, but ah, I digress.
She says something dangerous resides inside you.
A maelstrom of pandemonium.
She recognizes the feeling, and you aren’t the only one it inhabits.
It's something that slowly eats away at the soul, and if not treated, will destroy the soul’s very core.
She wonders, what is it that stops you from getting rid of this demon?
Are you scared to leave its comfort? Is it tied to you with a seemingly unbreakable chain?
Whatever it is, it has led you here—afraid and confused.
She wants you to know that, no matter how hard it’ll be, you have the power, the capability, to free yourself from what holds you back.
Release the tempest in the bottle.
/f
Narrator
You stand and stare at the child for a few moments.
Was that really from the child, or is that Will o’ Wisp simply spewing nonsensical jargon?
The maelstrom… maybe it led you to murder. Maybe this is your punishment.
The child attempts to smile, flinching in pain from her stitches.
She extends her arm to you. The helping hand. Maybe there is hope?
/c
1. Grab her hand. There must be light at the end of the tunnel
2. Wallow in despair and let the stomach acid eat away at you. This is your punishment, afterall
end
end
