You decide to—
/p
Omniscient Dog?
/f
Omniscient Dog?
Enough. I’ve seen enough.
Your foolish antics bore me.
It’s time I level with you, the worthless layman, in possession of nothing but futile hopes and dreams.
My true name is Deus E. Machina, God from The Machine. 
/f
Deus E. Machina
Layman, the time has come for your judgment.
I have been observing you from the time you first murdered.
My job is to interject when mankind has strayed from its rightful path of decorum.
You, my dear layman, contain a spirit of true free will.
It is true, all laymen possess free will, but none have confronted it in such a manner as you have.
The other laymen think they possess true free will, but really their life, their actions, have all been taught and formed by the environment they live in.
When you first murdered, there were doubts in your body, but you did it anyways to get rid of the turmoil that resides inside of you.
Yet, the turmoil is still there.
What you have tried to run away from was running with you the entire time.
Dear layman, it is time you stop running and accept your fate.
A hectic and confusing journey you’ve been on.
All of your decisions—your intentions—they have led you to here.
You lie here at the final crossroads of fate.
Where will you go?
How will you live?
Can you survive?
That is determined by which direction you take between the crossroads of your life.
I hope you’ve made the right decisions because you can’t turn back on them, no matter how hard you try.
My wish is to take you with me, become my pawn.
But alas, no celestial being has that omnipotent power to fully change direction, not even The Cosmocrat itself.
This final judgment will determine your destiny.
I leave with you a final question, dear layman.
Answer carefully.
Why do you live?
/c
1. I live simply because I exist in this world. No one knows the right way to live in this world, so I forge my own path
2. I live because there is a greater purpose for my life. My goals and aspirations are all to benefit that purpose
endh
endh
